Earlier this year, I was wondering about all the three games Epic has given away that are published by Koch Media. This Koch was spelled K-O-C-H. When I finally looked them up, I learned there was no direct relation to the more infamous American Koch Industries. This confusion is going away, as Koch Media is becoming play-on. Good! This is a positive disambiguation.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news. Start your night now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
at the top of the screen right now because I forgot to update it uh but uh and what i'm talking about
of course for those in the podcast feed is the fact that we do tape live every sunday night at
nine o'clock eastern six o'clock pacific at the voice of geeks network twitch.tv slash vog network
right after the bobby blackwolf show and uh just uh gonna say at the top of the show here
our hearts and our love going out to bobby blackwolf this week um he had a very very um
i don't even know the words it's very very poignant message at the end of his show there
i'm not gonna talk more about it i will direct you over to his show and his podcast feed to um
hear more but uh uh very uh well done and our our our um our thoughts are certainly with you and
all of your family bobby um anyway uh we're gonna pick it up and uh talk a little bit about of
course video games gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle over the next few hours uh joining me
tonight in a little bit dark soccer or jamie summer she's running behind i don't know if she
got stuck on an errand or what have you she'll be making her way here shortly but i do have here
sitting with me right now of course tech master loki hi loki hello how are you doing i'm doing
fine so this is uh this is one of those newfangled music games playing behind you that uh i've lost
sight of in the years since we no longer were exclusively music games but i should i mean i
always have a soft spot in my heart for music games but i i can't tell which one that is by
you is that the groove coaster that's what it looks like groove goes it is groove coaster
now i wonder does this have to do with the the big news that we got into a couple weeks ago
that finally after all this time that round one in our neighborhood is finally open like i guess
it finally opened yesterday the the round one that was supposed to open in april of 2020 finally
opened yesterday and uh loki did you go i did go i went today i want to know all about it tell me
more how was i know it's probably your gaming week but you know what you can just say minecraft again
for your gaming week i want to hear about the round one experience um so they they have quite
a bit of music games as usual so we went there today wasn't actually too crowded i mean it was
busy i guess i mean it wasn't too bad like the music games there's like no one on them like
hardly ever um when i got there uh ddr ace was broken um already the fuck up it's day two it's
hold on hold on hold on yeah it's day two so there was some issue with the pads or something that
they were tweaking um but it did end up it was working by the end of when i was um like a few
hours later so they did fix it like fast so the ride was just temporarily down i guess yeah but
it opened up later in the day yeah so they have like quite a few games there um
the one the one bemoni game that i was going there to play they don't have which is super annoying so
i went there to play dance rush and they don't have dance rush even though all the round ones
that's weird no instead they have um dance around which looks like hot garbage it's kind of looks
like uh dance evolution a little bit with like um you know motion capturing movements and stuff
like that but it's just eh no they had room for two of those but no dance rush um they had two
2d x machines they had uh gitadora i'm assuming the newest one same with uh so that and the the
drummania version of that um sound voltex um some chrono's thing i don't know there's a lot of
disease they have two beatmania machines i heard they have two beatmania machines one of them is
off one of them is off right now so i don't know if it's working it's day two what is wrong with
roseville actually i was born and raised there i will start to tell you what is wrong with
roseville entitled motherfuckers that is what is wrong with roseville and i would bet some parent
let their teenager kick the machine or something i don't think so i don't think so there's probably
like something maybe in shipping or something i don't know what the issue was but the other
one was working fine um they have groove coasters so that's pretty much i played groove coaster a
few times uh i don't have theater of them huh because i think those started to sunset
yeah that was my favorite thing to play around one but i know yeah they have the online services
got turned off they have some other ones i didn't recognize it sort of looked like para para but you
i don't know if you touch the screen or you do something i don't know it's weird
um and then uh what else so they have their usual stuff they have a little bit of pinball like tiny
tiny bit of pinball they have like fighting games kind of over by the um by the bowling alley so
there's like four lanes there or not four lanes eight lanes there um tons of crane games like a
ton of crane games like a quarter of the building is crane games that's honestly so conquered round
one is like a quarter crane games so i'm not surprised and then another quarter ticket spitters
um yeah yeah it's like the like at least half of it was ticket spitters which is funny because
actually my kids we went there and um so the kids played one of those games where you it's
it's like the strongman games where you like have to hit something and then the light goes up so so
my youngest son he just like drops it and then like immediately gets the jackpot and then my
other son tried it didn't he get the jackpot the first time but then the second time did the exact
same thing and he also got the jackpot so that was funny um and then what else so yeah they had
like a bunch of gun games they had a couple of vr games uh it was a king kong vr game and
um gosh i it looked like it was a i recognized the name but i don't remember
what it was it just looked pretty generic but it was i didn't do it because they said oh you have
to put like these protective it's like a almost like tissue paper for the mass because you don't
want to cove it you don't want to like put you don't want to put your face on like something
that everybody else's face has been on um now monkey pox is also kind of a thing and that is
direct like contact to contact right so that's even more yeah so so they they have i didn't see
those papers there so i was like i'm not gonna do it but when i went over to go check out um
the redemption area which is pretty cool there was a lonely gun bullet x machine so for those
who don't remember gun bullet that's point blank so it's the new one um so i did play that and that
was fun um they have like initial d they have uh daytona was there mario kart they have like a
they have like a rabbids game a giant tomb raider shooter game i've seen that um
like a big buck hunter but it's also got some terminator thing in it so that that's the thing
so it wasn't it but you say it wasn't too crowded why is this sunday it wasn't too bad yeah it
wasn't too bad at all so like i mean i'm gonna i gotta decide if i want to go through through
the week or just wait because shane is going to be in town this weekend and i know he's gonna
want to go so we'll probably end it really wasn't like the balmani stuff there was like
nobody there playing i mean there was people playing some of the other games like they were
playing sound voltex and stuff but like as far as ddr goes there was like one person in front of me
and then i played ddr before we left but it was like really hot in there that was the other thing
too that kind of sucked is like the air conditioner was not keeping up so it was kind of hot in areas
and one of those areas was where all the dance machines were and um that kind of sucked so i
did play ddr and i'm too out of shape to play ddr like i used to i still i know that i mean like i
know i'm out of shape because i don't play enough ddr but of course i jump in the doubles and like
i still don't under because you know super old school when it comes to ddr i don't understand
the new interface and all that yeah not the interface interface fine that that's easy but
like i'm talking about like the difficulties like i don't know what the scale how to translate that
right because now it used to go up to nine maybe 10 at one point and now it's 19 or 20 yeah it
goes up like twice as much it's yeah wild i tried to do the the head math so i played uh i played
clarity once because i i recognize that song i was hoping for give me the uh was it give me a
big beat which is from dance rush because they had that in ddras for a bit i think that was like a
one i don't know how they really do these like different events or whatever but it
wasn't on the machine which is annoying uh but clarity was and then um i think i did like a
the ddr anniversary song i don't really know what what it's called but i did that and it was like
a 13 13 rank thing i was doing doubles so um i was keeping up with it for about three quarters
of the song and then i just did not have the stamina to keep up with it anymore and i was
like oh and then yeah i felt that for a good couple hours after that well somewhere out there
yyr is proud of you for trying so it's fine i have a ddr machine in the garage like i really
i really do need the garage is like really hot but i do need to play it i am very curious because you
know right now my cardio is better in shape than it's been in a long time probably since i used to
play ddr regularly back in the you know 20 years ago in the the heyday of this program um when we
did pretty much play nothing but ddr um i'm in better shape now than i have been since then so
i'm kind of curious how well i might be able to keep up you know i keep thinking i can't do it
because i'm too old but i haven't really tried in the past year since i lost the weight so i don't
know you just have to ease into it is all i mean you can't just jump into like doing the stuff that
you used to be able to do but like i did play groove coaster so i've never really played groove
coaster before i i think maybe i did on the ps vita or something like that i don't remember
they had i thought like groove coaster like on a portable system or maybe i'm thinking of
something else but i don't remember um that was a lot of fun so i played that a few times i played
all the like uh it was a toby scott stuff so megalomania a few times um yeah that was a real
that was really fun i like that game a lot um i did okay on it and then um i don't know i i
wanted to play more but the kids started whining because they went through their cards super fast
whereas i have like 86 points still on my card like there's they're gone yeah like they wanted
to go ruthless that yeah that just what what a day and age we live in when you're the one that
doesn't want to leave the arcade and the kids are like i want to go i want to leave
it's just funny well they they wanted to walk around the mall we were going to go to the lego
store but there's a line to get into the lego store and i'm like i don't want to they only
let so many people in at a time yeah like i just i don't want to wait for it like all i was going
to do is look at stuff and possibly buy something like if i'm going to buy something i was buying
through the website like honestly i just i just wanted to look they have the new princess peach
stuff there now so that's cool for the lego mario stuff but i just i don't want to wait in line and
then everything else like we went to the candy store and we bought some japanese candy but like
that's it did you notice how many like import stores there are in the mall now like anime
figures and uh maybe that's more art and fair than the galleria but i know i've seen a couple
of them at galleria no i didn't really uh walk through that too much but in like the kids area
they have a bunch of arcade games lined along the wall oh yeah um free play uh free play but like
i'm like i don't think that's legal they have like multi-carts in there and stuff but whatever i mean
it's fine um one of them looked like a one-up arcade one-up machine that may be someone modded
uh but yeah i would totally go back to round one i mean it was fun i just wish they had dance rush
because that's the only reason i've been waiting so long to play that i haven't gotten a chance to
go to a round one and like that's that's the only place i know that has that game i was gonna say i
think they have one in conquered if you can make the you know how to drive the drive yeah yeah so
yeah all right whatever well let's say hello to our chatters of course uh over at twitch.tv slash
vog network and uh jason our favorite voiceover guy says uh suggests instead of translating
difficulties go find songs you know well and see what their new difficulty is yeah because
i know it's not like like you can't just say oh because it's on a scale to 20 now then
uh a nine is double it's an 18 and no no it doesn't work like that like a lot of the nines
i used to be able to beat are like 11 and 12 like max like it's it's uh different now the scale is
very different from what i remember anyway it's been a little bit since i i looked at it um let's
see uh other comments in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network uh dgrms suggests we need a new
punching mania that got into a little bit of discussion about one punch uh mania uh let's see
uh dr cia talking about uh roseville stories because i mentioned uh that you know the machines
were probably breaking in roseville because of the people that live there uh saying yeah i know
i have a laundry list of horror stories from roseville golf land i could tell my wife yeah
what's so it it seemed like like honestly like i think they're really on top of it and the staff
i think that work there to repair the machines are like some of the community people and like the
repair like it's day two they're still happy to be there right right no i get that and there was
there was like there was someone working on the machine like right when i got there like and they
i think there was like a sensor out or something like that and so they are testing that and
it didn't take long for them to have it fixed it's just um it's kind of annoying but you know they
i saw the maintenance people come by like a ton throughout the day so like they were making sure
everything was working and all that um i mean there's there's plenty to do there that's for
sure there's like a ton of games to play i not i don't know about the crane games but there are
some people man like i would i was walking by a few of the tables where like they just had
all of the plushies like all of them like i'm like what how many crane games did you play
but it was busy yeah all right um let's see uh i wanted to see some other comments here uh she
hulk says need ddr for senior gamers well it's funny because last week i remember the tweet that
came in that said uh the kids last playable ddr kids machine was going away uh but once in a while
you still see like a fourth mix plus or a ddr extreme because those were everywhere you see
a ddr extreme in the wild somewhere and that's that's kind of the machine for seniors i think
at this point at least for i thought for sure they would have like a step maniacs there or
something like that but i know there's one in the rockland bowling alley but i i don't know there
so there's a lot of games now like i'm surprised how many like mobile games are arcade games now
like even racing games and stuff but i don't know it's fine all right uh well i'm excited to head
over there i'm hoping i can get there over there this week i'll just probably play nothing but 2dx
to be honest um unless there's a big crowd because then i don't i don't like people watching me play
as i i because i i know i'm not great at it and i'm just like i'd rather play like judgment free
but oh well i guess i just need to get the hell over it it's back in the corner and it's not
really facing anything it's like it's facing the corner so it's kind of where it is you're not
really gonna yeah you're not really gonna it's not like in the high traffic area or anything
and pump it up is and pump it up like i almost played that i'm like i really want to play pump
it up though um but the pump it up machine looks really nice um and i don't know like
and stuff like i i i'm so old school that i can't do the i can't do the five button fret stuff like
so it's i'm i can only do three and i could barely do three when i'm a guitar freak so i don't know i
don't even keep up with those games anymore so i have no idea what songs would be on there and then
uh 2dx like i almost play 2dx but also not very good at that all right and then uh dance around
like i don't know i know i'm actually you know it's it's fine that i didn't go this weekend well
i had other plans this weekend so i went to a concert last night i went to the bay area so i
saw i actually saw so speaking of like old school ddr friend of the show mel b who did freestyle
back in the day right like we're still we still keep in touch i'm really good friends with his
wife and so um we all went to go see elana smores set in the bay yes i've seen her like i think that
was probably my 11th time in concert i don't know i've lost count but uh went to the bay area to uh
see all that so i'm like super exhausted from that trip um i also i got the monkey pox vaccine on
friday and that like the side effects for the covet shot was probably worse for me where as far as
like you know having the sore arm and everything but i just feel like really like i don't want to
say fatigue but i just feel tired i'm just tired and i think that's probably what i'm feeling out
of that so this wouldn't have been a good weekend to go play ddr anyway for a variety of reasons so
next weekend ought to be a little bit better i think we'll be uh we'll be good for that
um let's see i guess in chat they're talking about a ddr vr type of setup and as somebody said
uh that's a great way to uh jason says that's a great way to break a vr headset yeah it might be
a little a little too much motion unless you know it was on google glasses or something like that
where you don't have a bunch of stuff to run it i don't know he'd still he's still run right into
things unless the ddr was a pass through camera or something sounds pretty dangerous all right well
let's get into our kickoff topic tonight i i didn't intend to talk about round one but i once i kind
of got clued in that loki went because you tweeted something about the dance media machine i was like
oh he either read that in a group or he went so i wanted to know more about it since i didn't get
to go so thanks for sharing and how exciting we finally have uh some of those import games that
we used to love from years and years ago back in the area so it's it's nice so it is nice yeah
yeah all right let's talk about our kickoff topic tonight you want to do this loki or
sure uh so logitech and tencent are making a cloud gaming handheld device um they said
they're also working with uh xbox cloud gaming and nvidia geforce now on the device
which will arrive apparently this year and it's uh yeah they're partnering with logitech
g which i guess is their gaming division to bring a cloud gaming handheld to the market and
and i'm not really sure what's going to be on it aside from what they kind of mentioned if they're
going to also have like their own tencent like say marketplace or something but at least it's
cool that it supports like you know xbox game cloud and geforce now stuff so at the very least
you'll be able to use some of your games but i mean is this just like another steam deck
uh well no because it's cloud gaming right so it's not going to have the oomph in it that a
steam deck has this is going to be probably a relatively cheap piece of technology i don't mean
that to sound shady that's not my point there but i think it's probably going to be a relatively
cheap piece of technology when all is said and done um so but we'll we'll we'll see i guess um
i think this kind of begs the question though if it's needed because like i feel like a cloud
gaming system like it would be cool if like we had enough 5g in the world where you could play
cloud gaming anywhere but right now seems a little early for something that's like strictly dedicated
cloud gaming but i don't know then again the switch maybe is the model for that even within
your own home those things can still be very popular because certainly you know home wi-fis
can support that type of stuff so i don't know anyway uh let me quickly acknowledge hello dark
sakura or jamie summer is uh joining us tonight how are you doing oh a sore throat oh oh i'm sorry
uh i was gonna ask um how well i'll come to your i'll loop back to your gaming weekend a little bit
um but going back to the topic of the um cloud gaming console the question i kind of want to ask
for for you and and for chat is is this something that we need right now this feels i don't i don't
know if this feels too early or if this feels too late i feel like it's too early in the sense that
you know if we had 5g and we had ways to play cloud gaming a little more reliably you know
over the air anywhere you go i think something like this could be pretty cool but i also kind
of think like it might be a little late because i mean cloud gaming applications already exist for
phones right like you can do cloud gaming on your phone and now most iphones and androids will
connect with the biggest um you know you want to connect to playstation controller xbox you can
kind of do that on all these and you know even with the the rules in the apple marketplace all
the cloud gaming systems uh figured out how to do a safari based uh uh product so cloud gaming
exists on mobile so i'm not sure where this need sort of is needed um
well being that's tencent maybe china maybe that's why they're trying to push you know gaming there
um but then you know you have the great you know firewall of china so i don't know how that
necessarily factors into everything but um yeah i don't see a real need for that like cloud gaming
is nice and all but like how much money are you really gonna pay to do all that like i don't know
i just don't think we have the infrastructure for it i just it'd be a hard sell to have to see what
how much that's gonna be and like really visit entice because you're really kind of
reliant on those other services and stuff to play that stuff so i don't know and it's a lot
of cost and so you know a lot of cost involved with it i do think it's neat that they have
different cloud services on it because they're talking about what they're talking about um g
force that one they have microsoft's cloud system and this would make it indicate that if like
stadia luna you know whatever else is out there wanted to get on board they could
so that part of it's kind of interesting it actually makes me think of kind of like a tablet
almost where you have like different apps on it uh and then you know would lead to these different
cloud services so i i wonder if maybe if this cloud gaming handheld had netflix hulu paramount
and so forth if maybe it wouldn't be a good device for kid entertainment you know something
to kind of hand the kids to keep them busy i like but see the thing is though is like if
if you're trying to make that argument of like well we need a handheld for the kids
you're just gonna give them a switch like honestly like cost wise unless they get it way under the
price of a switch you're just gonna get them a switch because it's got kids games on there
it's a reliable system it doesn't require internet because if you have like if you are
going to do cloud gaming um legitimately like actually away from wi-fi then you're gonna have
to pay for internet access so you're gonna have to be on some sort of data plan um you hopefully
have strong enough connection to be able to play on that stuff and like what's it going to look
like on this constantly it may not be you may have latency issues i mean there's a lot of
things involved with it but i think if if given the choice if like a family was picking out a
game system for their kid they're gonna get a switch because they're not gonna understand
what cloud gaming means like it's it's a hard sell yeah i mean again i see the potential in
cloud gaming and you know certainly um we're you know seeing just more and more of it through
especially you know now microsoft launching it you know jamie's talked a lot about stadia and
how that's been very useful for her we see luna's making more and more of a push so you know cloud
gaming is is is growing uh heck even not to not to get too far into my gaming week but i actually
found that i was i i loaded up the playstation player on my computer and basically did remote
play on my playstation which i guess isn't really cloud gaming because it's all within my own house
but uh it's it feels similar to me and i like that whole idea of the remote play and so forth
and being able to access a device from multiple screens within your house you know what i mean
and i think and zen monkey 11 is pointing out that's not cloud gaming i know but it's still
that idea of being able to have something touch multiple screens in your house that you own
um is is kind of the the thought there and i have found that to be very useful so i think there is
a lot of great cases for cloud gaming and i do think it's i think it's going to get bigger
um but again i don't i don't know if um i don't know if this device is is enough uh i see
comparison would be if um say that i was actually this happened i was at marissa's house
and i needed to log into my dead by daylight account to get like my my blood points or
whatever it was if i had had the right controller with me i could have turned on my phone logged
into my stadia account and logged into the game long enough to get my blood points sadly we
couldn't get the right controller to pair no but that is cloud gaming that is a also a very modern
example of what we all used to do when we were younger which was taking the cartridge over to
a friend's house to play uh when you go like you know i don't but it's well because it's like oh
i'm taking my cloud account and signing into your tv and we're playing my games no that's not it at
all because my friends i could have been in a hotel room with no tv whatsoever i had my phone
that is what cloud gaming is for i could log in on my iphone my ipad and another computer
most at the same time if i wanted to that's what cloud gaming is for it's not the same as bringing
a cartridge over to somebody's house and using their tv you're not letting someone else log into
your account you're doing this for yourself and you don't have to rely on anybody else just study
internet i i sort of feel like what i said can count too but okay um it would be it wouldn't be
for anyone else to see something that i'm doing it solely for my play because it's on my devices
all right so um loki um any anything else about this handheld or is there any uh hint on when we
might get more information on this no no hint yet on when we're gonna see more information but it
is supposed to be out later this year so i would imagine probably pretty soon all right maybe maybe
just in time for the holidays who knows maybe we'll see all right let's get into our gaming
weeks and talk about the types of games that we have been playing this week uh so loki we've
already had pretty much a good rundown of your round one but i'll cycle back to you in a minute
to talk about anything else at home you might have played but let's go over to dark sakura how was
your gaming week i um of course played dead by daylight i um i played my word game i played final
fantasy 6 and i did the good playthrough for spirit on hooked on you the dead by daylight
dating sim spirit is obviously the best one of them the trapper is a dick i think i'm gonna go
for huntress next but the spirits playthrough actually was really awesome and she's that
version of her is probably my favorite depiction so far is the game long or is it kind of just
like short and sweet it was i don't know i think i was playing for a couple hours okay it's longer
than i would have thought um well also i suck at the mini games so i did my usual mini game thing
which is once i got you know the desired out outcome i saved my game and if i failed the
next time i would reload my game so that i'm still no good at it i think because i'm playing
through my virtualizer um i'm playing through parallels on windows 11 arm i do have some input
lag so in my case it was sort of necessary um but no it's a cute game um i really enjoyed it uh
uh there was uh there's definitely big nods back to the original it almost seems like it's a
slightly different continuity um which i'm down for but but definitely has that sort of you could
die at any moment feel because you know the person that you're trying to to woo could just go and do
a snit and kill you but um i've heard i've heard very mixed things on it you know so nothing but
good from people so i could link you to some articles that kind of dog on it and say it's
really well articles are one thing i believe in my friends opinions and my friends that i've seen
play it have all just thought it was really cute i guess it's really what the fans think at the end
of the day it's like movies i guess it's really what the fans exactly i don't care what what some
critic or reviewer says about something i would rather see what my friends opinions are because
i trust them above you some complete stranger who might even be paid to give a negative review i
don't know all right well if there's nothing else for your gaming week loki how was your gaming week
um aside from round one it was just minecraft so i put out a new episode and i saw that
yeah cool all right what's that what's the new episode about it is building a shop on the server
so i themed it after a robot repair shop so it's kind of an old um like desert garage gas station
that's been converted over to repair robots and so there's like this giant creeper bot in the front
there's a like a rocket fist it's like crashing into the ground and a bunch of like robots just
broken all over the place all right i'll check it out yep all right uh see my gaming week uh so i
mentioned my weekend was pretty busy um and honestly during the week it was a lot of the same
stuff i've kind of yeah i had a had a loki minecraft type of week but for me it's uh final
fantasy 14 uh but there's a limited time event going on for cosmetics in that game so it's really
kind of motivated me to run certain stuff over and over in that game um i've been playing a little
bit of um um oh my gosh why is it escaping oh no man's sky my gosh my brain um i uh because of the
expedition uh which is moving a lot faster than the prior ones um but i haven't really sunk the
number of hours into it either that i did the other ones i feel like i put a lot of hours into
it when i was streaming it during the twitch drop campaign and now i'm kind of focused on other
stuff i just i need to cycle back and finish up this expedition but um what i've what i've been
playing of it so far i enjoy um i've also been playing a little bit of dead by daylight which
i just i've just kind of been into it i don't know if it's the rework or the changes but i've just
been kind of motivated to try to get some more characters leveled um i just finally prestige
claudette for the first time today because i really wanted botany on all my peeps um so now
i've got that and so now i'm trying to decide do i work with like a min max character that i really
like like a cheryl or chris for me are probably my highest level um characters or do i kind of
try to go through everybody and get all the basics unlocked i i don't know i'm getting ready to to
prestige fang yeah but nia is still my main um yeah yeah and that's the thing it's like it's
like chris is probably my main but yet i have more points on cheryl because i chose to p3 her
uh back earlier so it's it but yet i have more talents i have like everything i have unlocked
i have purple on chris i don't quite have that with cheryl yet but i'll get there it's just
playing more matches they've also had one of those blood rush events this weekend which means that
you get more blood points from doing matches and the blood points how you get abilities yeah so
that's that's been a big motivation for me to play because i'm like okay it didn't take me that long
all things considered to level claudette especially because survivor queues have been so
much faster since the reworks because more people want to play killer because um just you know it's
uh either however you look at it it's more balanced or there's just and they're camping
and tunneling a lot more oh girl the ma i tried to do some matches right before bobby because it
was right when i was um trying to prestige claudette literally back to back i had one of
those tier three mires which isn't really camping but it's just frustrating when it's like oh it's
over in five seconds yeah he got his final tier three on me and now i'm dead and i got to do
nothing but do one generator it's just silly um and then uh i hate i hate that item i wish they'd
take it out um and then um i honestly never used it as my ears i tried to use it two times and
hated it yeah um and then uh um i had a plague which is interesting because i've actually been
playing a lot of plague lately like even more than sadako um i just really enjoy playing
plague like i think she has a neat mechanic that most yeah most of the survivor kind of meta right
now doesn't really address plague and i noticed certain talents like the healing talents like
self-care is wasted on a plague so it's it's kind of neat to break a lot of the meta in that sort of
way um but you know you're still pretty vicious i got my just desserts because i went up against
a plague who decided to uh target me first then camp the hook until i went into second state and
then of course as soon as i got unhooked hooked me again so i and i was just like i i i wish there
was something retaliatory you could do when it's three hooks in a row like on you you can block
that player oh i always do but i've been actually every time i leave a negative review on them
i put a note do better like to behavior to one of their people reading the the complaint because
i'm using that as sort of a half feedback forum as well as keeping a running tally because i'm
actually gonna start keeping a tally of how many uh matches i have out of how many and email them
a fucking spreadsheet one thing i like about vhs uh or video horror society which i can't play
whatever you want to call it the the 4v1 and a lot of people are comparing it to dead by daylight
because it's 4v1 and involves killers and survivors but the games do have pretty different
mechanics when you when you watch it but one thing i like about vhs is that when you're dead
there's still things you can kind of do in the spirit realm to help revive yourself faster and
i kind of wish dead by daylight had something where like if i get tunneled out that fast or
you know that there was something i could do to still help the remaining survivors and still have
a game to play i don't know what that is but i just i just kind of wish it wasn't like well
congrats the killer decided to knock you out first and you just wasted your time you know it does
work when you're in a at least a two player swift and the other person is still in the game when
you're on discord chat because that's true you can spy on the other players yeah well like when
i was last one left in the game um gwen was watching the other players for me and telling
me where they were and where the killer was and so that was where i shouldn't be and it worked out
really well for the most part um except i was finally like dude just come get me i know you
need a 4k for some reason because like he it was a race that let me boop him i've been trying to
boop all the killers now for the record and he let me boop him and then he shook his head i'm
like okay and he let me sneak by and start to run and you know he gave me a head start he even left
me you know on the ground a couple of times you know i think he was saving me for last but but
you know he communicated that no he wanted to play seriously and he didn't camp or tunnel or anything
but um but at any rate you know one's like he's gonna see you i'm like i know i'm gonna let him
get me and i did the come on move and let him get me um because i had i had done whatever i
needed to do in that match because i've mostly been focusing on challenges my thing for winning
me i was did i get my challenge done um but it's been interesting that if you have those players
like that every so often you can make friends with them and they will tunnel and camp everybody
else out of the game and give you the hatch it oh i was just saying it is interesting that you say
the game for you right now is the challenges because the one thing i will give that plague
match is that i had that um thing in the tome right now where you have to fall off from a great
height like three times i don't think it's in one match but but i happen to be actually it was in
one match okay no not in one match it was multiple matches because i did that one too
i happen to be on that map um and now the name of the map the name of it escapes me now it's it's
oni's map that's temple yeah yeah it's with the big thing in the middle and so i was trying okay
i was able to fall i was able to fall off of that over and over again while i was being chased so i
got my challenge done i did one of mine with a spirit where i waited on top of the hill waited
for the chase music to start and jumped off the hill and then we had a farming hag of all things
who um you know basically i fast vaulted to let her know i was ready to do my challenge
she ran up uh music kicked in i ran off balcony and jumped off and did that twice and got my
challenge done that way but that's always the the kind of fun thing oh and we we tried doing that
against because i had it another time we tried to do that against a uh a gun daddy and that was
interesting he wasn't having it um just to quickly jump back here before we get into the news tonight
um our one of our chatters here questbusters is uh elaborating on no man's sky in the current
expedition saying this no man's sky expedition felt more accessible than the last one to me
some milestones seemed easier to hit out of order than the others were like scanning plants or
animals the expedition also feels like a really good point to start no man's sky fresh if you
wanted to since you end up with a big freighter and most of the major upgrades on finishing it
um yeah that is i will agree this um this particular expedition is doing a really good
job showing the changes to the patch which are freighters i really like the twist uh that you
start on the freighter as opposed to starting on a planet and i think also questbuster when
you talk about it's more accessible than the last one it's because the emphasis now is not
on the combat as it was in the last couple because of the recent patches and like you know our own
bobby blackwolf here is is openly expressed that he was super into no man's sky but when the game
was really shoving combat at you over and over again he started to lose interest in it because
you know sometimes you want a chill exploration game and you don't want to be swarmed by pirates
every five minutes and i get that but i will say my experience with the expedition so far is that
the pirate thing is is minimized it's still there but it's not like none of the achievements are for
fighting pirates from what i recall and they don't seem to be attacking the freighter which is really
your base of operations in this so it it did take the emphasis off of that and i think that's
maybe what led to those feelings about it's a little more accessible than the prior ones
because that rando roguelike one they just did that's the worst expedition that game's ever done
that that roguelike twist was was terrible it didn't work right in that game that's not what
that game is set up for you know i love that game but i'm gonna call a game out when it makes
missteps and that was a misstep so um you know uh but uh i'm glad they're they've course corrected
literally and this this new expedition is pretty good so far so all right um let's move on to some
news and uh we'll get to that and then of course your calls your emails and all that good stuff
later on in the show but let's start with some news loki all right so you know if the topic is
going to be about game stop and nfts it's only positive information i'm i'm sure that's what no
no no uh so apparently uh there's been some nfts being sold that they didn't have the permission
to use the artwork for allegedly um so there was i mean this is aside from earlier when they had a
uh artwork of a person falling to the death on 9 11 so that that that was how this whole like nft
marketplace started um but now apparently though they've been borrowing artwork i guess um so this
is part actually it's even more than artwork it's actual games itself so this is elo's nifty arcade
it's supposed to be where you can have a fully playable version of the game in your crypto wallet
it it links to uh these html5 games um but you know i'm not sure if these folks had
permission to use those so um some of the games of course they they have in there like uh this
game worm nom nom which was on uh itch.io and they have a creative commerce or creative commons
license for it that doesn't allow commercial use and that was one of the ones that was featured
in this nft collection there was another one um apparently there's a game developed by christian
majewski and it was a game called breakout hero it said it was um his work was sold for profit
without my consent so yeah it's like the wild west except you know it's a bunch of garbage because
this nft and it's even worse now because it's stolen ip stuff which is not the first trust me
like i nfts have stolen all sorts of ip stuff this whole thing just plays right into the hand
that i have been saying what many people have been saying is the big problem with nfts and
it just it's a it's a bunch of fucking crooks that are involved i know that is very harsh but
you know what with stories like this every single day when it comes to some sort of artwork
y'all get to own it nft community gets to own it game stop and their marketplace get to own it
y'all are well they are not even owning it they're their marketplace has basically this um terms of
service that says you are solely responsible for conducting research on an nft as well as
understanding the sellers terms and conditions i i think someone should take to test that and
take game stop the corridor over it i don't think game stop can can willfully claim ignorance that
easy i i think if they put it on their shelf that whether it be their virtual shelf or whatever
they need to own a little bit of that and you know what i'm not a legal expert i'm an angry gamer on
the internet whatever maybe i don't know what the fuck i'm talking about that's fine at least i can
admit that well the one of the guys that did it so um there was one of the games um that was on
there that he filed a dmca request with game stop but it just hasn't really gone anywhere
and games game stop should be in a courtroom over it like that that's that's how i feel
changed my mind uh i i just gave stop game stop needs to own that if they're not going to bother
to screen any of this stuff then i think they're going to need to own it um you know and i i know
i know we could get into the whole thing about well do facebook and twitter own all the things
that are you know published by users on their platform well you know twitter doesn't make
money directly off of they don't take a 30 cut of selling your tweet nfts will take cuts of selling
your tweets it's it's a very different type of thing uh from from where i'm sitting especially
in this you know game stop thing where they're selling games and that's that's the other thing
and i think that's where it would stand up in court game stop is selling games they don't have
the right to sell and i think there's a lot of courts that are gonna not understand this nft
thing and it's it's i don't know i i just think game stop could get in a lot of trouble for this
but what do i know angry gamer with the podcast yep all right i'd say good luck to him but um
that wouldn't be truthful so let's move on to our next story uh let's talk about oh let's talk
about countries banning things uh and that would be uh indonesia has actually banned uh some online
stores uh they have banned things like steam and epic games although there is a follow-up um and
i'll get to get to that in a minute um so what happened is that um and of course now i can't
read this story because this website is putting up a thing that i can't get past all right um so
these blocks apparently that indonesia was doing was affecting sites like yahoo and paypal and it's
because it's not a content thing it's because they did not comply with a requirement related
to content moderation laws how about that in indonesia and they didn't reply to it in a timely
manner so they got blocked now valve and steam have uh since this news originally came out they
got registered and so uh the the site is called com info um so they're no longer blocked by the
government and i guess paypal and yahoo they are also back online but epic game store ea's origin
they are still blocked at this time and there's no uh word on when they're coming back or if they
even plan to register i wonder if indonesia has blocked the game stop nft store i would i would
imagine to be serious the store probably doesn't exist um in that country yet they probably only
launched it in so many uh areas so anyway 191 million people on the internet uh in indonesia
that are affected by this so uh let's see fifth dream in chat says oh i was in a stream with a
couple of indonesian chatters who were just suddenly cut off from all their games man oh
that's a really good type of like reality with this too is that if steam gets blocked i believe
you would not have access to your games because the server can't check your ownership of the
games because steam is blocked and steam did not hit the kill switch which we all know is built
into steam that if they ever have to close it down one day you will not have to check with the steam
servers anymore because the kill switch will have been activated but that wasn't activated in
indonesia the government put a wall down so that is a very interesting sort of uh thought in this
whole thing is that if they bought games on epic game store or steam or any of that stuff you shit
out of luck the government's blocked you from it so all over a registration thing but it's
interesting uh pele hanumea says would a vpn get around that i think that's what a lot of people
do in places like china and so forth but although then those countries try to screen for the vpn
stuff and i believe it's it's pretty illegal too um but i i think and i'm not a super techy person
but i think it's kind of hard to catch um i think that's also what's happening with a lot of the um
sanctions in russia right now i think there's a lot of russian users that are using vpn
to you know scoot their way around it however so um that's just an interesting technological thing
that uh exists so yeah nothing can truly be blocked when there's those types of technological
things to get around it all right uh moving on let's go to dark sakura with a with a mainstream
news story but what about the industry yeah and it honestly isn't too much of a surprise um but
the video game industry is taking a hit in revenue right now um part of it having to do well especially
in the us but uh part of it having to do with uh inflation rising to a 40-year high um people are
spending less money and we have a slower labor market um the video game industry has been called
recession proof but that isn't the case anymore um nintendo microsoft sony um they all reported
declining revenue and missed earnings expectations in the past two weeks they say that the big reason
is a weakened supply chain and still being affected by a pandemic related lockdown also um
they have trouble delivering their consoles because i know that there was due to the lockdown
in shanghai there uh was that uh microconductor shortage that was going on um their uh
activision reported that their mobile games were thriving even though uh their
like mainstream games especially the call of duty franchise was experiencing big setbacks um and
also um there there's uh microsoft was especially having some issues because of their acquisition of
of uh bungee and uh and uh you know other companies that they've acquired
and having to deal with making adjustments for the acquisition um definitely uh accounted for
some of their loss nintendo um reported that their profit was uh 101.7 billion yen which is about 764
million and they fell short of their expectations by 13.5 billion yen um their uh switch sales
declined uh from uh about you know 4.5 million units to 3.43 million now um software sales
dropped uh maybe by about uh 4 million since last year but they are also um you know again
contributing this to supply chain issues and said that they should catch up over the summer um
they're thinking that by next fiscal year ending in april that they'll sell 21 million console units
that still remains to be seen even sony in japan um is uh dropped uh about 25 percent
um uh selling fewer ps4 and ps5 titles um and uh their chief financial officer
uh totoki hiroki the main issues was meeting demand for consoles with supply chain issues again
um and also that this financial year they have released fewer large games in comparison to last
year um and uh he did not say if sony was planning on raising the price of the ps5 um but he also
said the drop in game software sales to people having more chances to leave their homes with the
the decreased severity of covid that uh people are venturing back out again and again he said
he mentioned like i said earlier uh the lockdown in shanghai uh for the semiconductor parts that
were being manufactured um back i'm sorry i meant sony not microsoft with bungee it's uh bungee and
haven studios um they said that the earlier than expected closing of the bungee deal with a weaker
yen also affected their uh their sales um now microsoft also reported a 259 million dollar
decline in gaming revenue um with a decreased demand for xbox content and hardware um and
but offset by growth in terms of game pass they are pushing more and more into subscriptions to
supplement revenue and they're they're doing all right with that but they are they're still
hurting everyone's taken the hit so we'll see how it goes but i mean it makes sense because
when everyone was at home with nothing to do you know what else was there to do but but play video
games or do things online animal crossing and jackbox were carrying the industry for a few
months that's for sure pretty much you know any type of you know co-op gaming it was a way for
people to to stay together you know to be to be with other people without you know having to
leave the safety of your home for sure um interesting perspective from quest buster in
chat who says ironically ea's fiscal report beat expectations and did exceptionally well thanks
to games like fifa and f1 and didn't choice those like activision and declineville i think
there's probably a lot about what we're seeing now i mean you know certainly the physical elements
the superconductor shortages right like how many times have we pointed out you still can't walk
into target and pick up a ps5 off the shelf they are getting easier to get but they're still not
easy to get there's a difference between those two things they're not easy to get um so and that's
because they can't make enough of them to really meet the demand because of the the semiconductor
shortages and all that um i also think like right now you know because and again in there we have
the there's less triple a games from from sony i think specifically called that out and i think
that's a direct result of the slowing down of the workers the industry being able to work since
2020 and all those shutdowns you know i think companies are getting more and more used to
remote working or if they just haven't brought people back in person at this point or whatever
they're doing but i just think that this this hump that we're seeing was two years coming like
you know everything that shut down in 2020 and slowed everything down you know the games they
would have been working on in 2020 would have been games that would have been coming out around now
so it's just i i'm not surprised um with that uh and in nintendo's case is well i'm also thinking
in terms of manufacturing from china to um oh sure well with china and taiwan especially with the
military overtures china has been making toward taiwan we're also going to be looking at that
affecting affecting a certain uh amount of the manufacturing business oh yeah it's going to be
another holiday season where you can't go into target and get a ps5 it's going to be another
holiday season like that well and also though um just to add a little bit about the inflation
as i saw senate pass the inflation act um i i actually just saw that um uh for uh and also
the uh the health care and climate bill but the big one is the inflation yeah so we may start to
see things get a little bit better as inflation gets taken care of because it is pretty like i
said 40 year high yeah you know hopefully we'll uh we'll see um possibly even alternatives in
manufacturing being done due to requests for uh cleaner renewable resources so um recent parts
like uh a couple of tech companies out there have a like a a zero uh climate impact goal like for
the next i think it's like 15 years microsoft's one of them yeah yeah um and i think that um well
and and apple is definitely one um but i think that the video game industry needs to also be
taking that same approach with it to recycle as many materials as they have and even maybe start
putting manufacturing in house um that would certainly take care of some of it another element
of that article because this is a big thing in the industry right now you know especially with
the washington post commenting on it you know there's a lot of eyes you know watching what's
going on in gaming and then i know loki has another story that kind of touches on yet another
element of that uh get a little deeper dive on that but i want to bring up the nintendo part of
that and the whole you know that they're not selling as many switches as they used to i sort
of feel like maybe maybe i'm wrong maybe i'm silly but i i feel like nintendo's like sold switches to
everyone that's going to buy one at this point i mean yes there's always going to be new people
there's going to be you know people that age up and they want to get them and kids so i i get that
there's never like a stop to demand for the switch but i guess what it is is that i think many people
expected we'd have a switch pro or a new switch or a switch upgrade you fill in the blank here
you all know what i'm talking about something over the base model that came out what six years
ago at this point where how old is the switch six point six years five years i've lost count
but it's in tech in technology terms when we're sitting you know when when video games is
neighboring or heck is actually integrated with an industry that puts out new phones every single
year and new tablets every single year when the nintendo switch is sitting adjacent to that
it's a little weird that it's been five years without a major upgrade and i see pod culture
and chat of course pointing out the switch oled was kind of an upgrade but yeah and yes i'll
concede that point but it was i i don't it was the display it's a nicer display i don't think you
swayed a lot of existing owners to get a new switch of course there's always going to be a
few there's just you know nintendo nintendo or bust people that are going to get every product yes
but i i don't think it was enough clearly and the numbers reflect that to really try to you know uh
damn it or you know make an impact on these numbers so i'm curious okay when pod culture
points out i sold mine and upgraded well you know what that ends up being an even because nintendo
can count the upgrade that they sold you they can't count the one that you sold because that's
on the second-hand market nintendo doesn't get anything from that so it evens out in that case
but i think you all know that um wonder though if nintendo has any sort of recycling program
though for um i mean it would it would make sense that companies could probably
um set up like some sort of you know sellback system kind of like what they do with phones
where you could sell back your system to the manufacturer for credit on whatever the new one
is they take the parts to recycle so actually i refurbished i thought something like this sounded
familiar so i did a little google fu and nintendo does have on their official website a support
article about uh video game products have significant nostalgic value and are still fun
to play and own even decades after their first purchase unlike other electronics like cell phones
video game systems are usually kept resold or handed down to family and friends as such we see
very limited demand to dispose of video game products but then they say how do we minimize
the waste disposal video game products we offer a free and convenient take-back program for consumers
and businesses that would like nintendo to recycle their products for them the take-back program uses
a network of thousands of ups locations across the country to ship the products at no cost to
consumers we will even recycle a competitor's home console for consumers who have purchased
a nintendo system oh that's kind of interesting so and then they they go on and on with the details
i will i will get into the weeds so much so yes they have something set up but i never knew about
it until tonight and i bet many of our listeners didn't because i i guess they make a fair point
most consoles get handed down or preserved it's not like phones or pc parts or something like that
yeah see that less and less though with newer consoles as more of their game content becomes
you know cloud-based and we're gonna start seeing things break down with no way of fixing them
the backups are going to go you know lithium batteries are going to go you know a consumed
lithium ion battery can if it if it's constructed safely expand break the housing of you know its
container we've seen that with phones from multiple companies and different computers
it is not a dangerous thing it's a safety thing if it's like not popped if it's just expanded
that's what it's supposed to do um but um again we're probably going to start seeing more ways
that they're not going to be as salvageable and reusable like our older systems did that were all
cartridge based or media based of some kind you do make an interesting point because you know i
think about like microsoft's ecosystem and the fact that an xbox series x plays literally
everything from the xbox one and it plays most if not all mo no not all because there's still some
like ddr games and stuff but most of the xbox 360 library and some of the og xbox library so my
point is if you have an xbox series x there is no reason to own an xbox one unless like kids bedroom
secondary device etc etc i'm sure you all have your own reasons but in the long term you know
especially if microsoft stays with that strategy where they're they are upgrading their consoles
then they still kind of play everything in the past nintendo's argument about needing the old
stuff is a little bit changed so it's just interesting that's a very interesting sort of
perspective is that you know the newer consoles may not be as desirable to hold on to as the old
ones anyway um loki there was there was an element there too uh dark soccer kind of touched on it i
wanted to let you go a little deeper in this next story yeah so uh she talked a little bit about
how activisions making a lot of their money from mobile and pc so um well actually i should say
mobile versus pc and console so they actually made 51 of their total earnings for q2 from mobile uh
that adds up to about 830 million in mobile and of course console games are earning you know 376
million and pc 332 million i'm surprised to see pc so high um and then apparently 105 million from
event in esports also surprised to see how high that is um what's not helping though is that call
of duty at least the most um recent iteration of that is not doing well it's um actually losing
millions of players um just i guess not interested in vanguard which i yeah vanguard i don't think
was received as well and of course you know you have the persistent online uh stuff that they have
warzone it's kind of getting old so i think folks are kind of waiting for modern warfare 2 to
hopefully get that boost out of it um part of that as well um may remember that you know microsoft is
in talks to buy activision and they're still waiting for that to go through and of course
um sony has weighed in on that as well um there is apparently a uh kind of a back and forth going
here sony basically making the argument that the call of duty franchise is basically a system seller
that wherever it goes you know folks are going to buy the system specifically for call of duty
and ironically enough because you know microsoft has to counter that basically saying that you know
the um call of duty isn't necessarily a system seller it's um you know not really an essential
game i i think they're arguing that it's lost you know some of its draw now but of course sony
wants to make the argument that's essential so that this purchase doesn't go through but
i feel i still think it's going to go through i kind of think ultimately it goes through as well
um and um yeah i it's it's interesting how well the mobile's doing but i think it's also kind of
like you pointed out it's it's seriously a reflection on how poor some of the console and
pc development have been like you know call of duty sucks right now like you know and i don't
even really play that yeah but it's not a good place right now i think the modern call of duty
games are always going to be more popular than say the world war ii stuff world war ii has been done
to death and you're going back to vanguard i think folks are just kind of like yeah really
yeah so when modern warfare 2 is coming out now with all that stuff i think people a lot more
excited about that um maybe even less about the future tech stuff but i would say you know modern
seems to be the trend in a lot of views you don't have a lot of these big world war ii games it's
just kind of it seems to be the modern game i think even battlefield that um the modern
battlefield games do better than say battlefield 1 or something like that so and and it also
doesn't help that you know blizzard which is you know drives huge pc sales for them usually and
console 2 um hasn't really had anything that's really gone wow within the past year except or
maybe it is blizzard that's helping with that because of the mobile if i'm able to finish my
sentence except the diablo immortal of course is uh making you know quite a bit of money despite
the protests of people that say that the system is you know but you know their warcraft 3 remaster
not very well received diablo 2 remaster a pretty you know a decent reception but i'm not sure that
translated into sales at the end of the day i think you know is more of a there was a target
audience for that and i'm not sure it really transferred but you know there still hasn't
been that overwatch too there will be soon you know that's only a few weeks out at this point
so it'll be interesting to see the impact that has um and you know diablo 4 early next year
you know it looks like so it would be interesting to have those blizzard releases again there's
another wow expansion at some point too even though wow isn't the hitter it used to be
but um you know all of those will certainly pick up the pc console end of things but yeah it's just
it's just interesting that uh yeah and i i would assume that this report it's probably
diablo immortal might still be too soon to be totally reflected in this so it might still be
talking about mobile without uh that but i don't know you know again the first month was pretty
huge i think so all right uh well let's let's move on to a video game series that has no problem
making money still uh lots and lots of people you know sign right up for the latest releases in this
series and of course i am talking about the pokemans let's talk a little bit about pokemon
and the pokemon presents recap uh from what happened this last week so they actually did
a little pokemon uh presents which uh ended up being more than just scarlet and violet there
were some other announcements as well uh they mentioned that the world championships will be
in august in uh just a couple weeks really in london uh and they're gonna have um uh pokemon go
pokemon unite uh speaking of which pokemon go they're doing their uh pokemon go fest i think
was japan was this weekend and then they're going to do a finale event on august 27th and they
recently added daily adventure incense into the game which actually i i think that's one of the
better features they put in the game in a long time so i i can't really hate on that uh pokemon
unite is celebrating its first anniversary boy time flies uh they are currently going through
the pika party event so all pokemon are dressed as pikachu raid bosses pikachu players pikachu
they're all all the pikachus um which you know is a reminder there are over 800 pokemon are we
up to 900 now i think it might be 900 pokemon especially if you count you know galarian forms
and the like and yet we are still talking about pikachu um pokemon masters ex is getting into
its third anniversary uh there's a new content update called the trainer lodge that's coming
in august uh pokemon cafe uh is getting a remix entry uh so latias and latios are coming to
pokemon cafe which i thought was a terrible game uh but then we had a new trailer for something
that looks exciting pokemon scarlet and violet and we got to see the new legendaries uh that they
they fly they sail they drive like a motorcycle which is pretty cool uh we also got to see some
of the new pokemon like a um a new whooper form that is uh i think uh is it ground poison type
or something like that but it's you know a new typing he drank a lot of coffee yeah he drank a
lot of coffee some people are saying he's literally poop um but you know whooper is
pretty cute so it's it's uh hard to hate on that um so yeah we got you know we know there's going
to be some regional forms uh that will be unique as well also unique to scarlet and violet we found
out what's coming in place of dynamaxing and you know they always do something to like
maximize pokemon in every game there's something uh so in this one we're going to be getting
terrestilizing it's it's crystallizing literally the pokemon are crystallized after a long night of
hooking the trade uh stabbed stabbed whatever that that kennedy davenport um um monologue is
you know and then i had crystallized anyway that's uh what i uh couldn't stop thinking about when i
saw those but it did look cute i like the crystal looking pokemon uh fifth dream and chat points out
the leaks were true so for those that were putting their stock in the pokemon leaks looks like they
called it so gem crystal pokemon are going to be the new thing is i mean how is that just not
a different way of maxing pokemon like i feel like it's been maxing pokemon has been the thing
for several generations now but it's just a different a slightly different way to max them
either it's mega evolutions or it's gigantic or it's crystallizing it's kind of all the same
gimmick to me at the end of the day it's just them trying to rebalance everything
so all right but uh all that aside i'm hecka looking forward to scarlet and violet i'm really
excited to pick it up i feel like all the gays are getting violet because of the professor in
that game so i'm probably i'm gonna probably be a hipster and get scarlet um because i like i
like prehistoric lady too uh and dinosaurs are cool so i have no problem with the prehistoric
stuff uh so i'll probably pick up scarlet so i can be the popular one that everyone wants to
trade with that's my thinking process right now anyway so but i do love tron daddy professor i do
it's hard to resist all right uh moving on dark soccer
you have a mute on discord
all right there is the most adorable game in existence out there called stray
where you play as a stray kitty cat um going through some adventures
and the game has actually led uh to helping real cats so um a lot of uh different players online
have been playing uh stray like on twitch or wherever to raise money for animal shelters
and you know cat related charities and so uh uh annapurna um interactive the publisher
also decided to promote the game by offering two-carat rescue and adoption
agencies copies of the game to raffle off and they rented out a new york cat cafe um so uh
basically one of uh the the places was the nebraska humane society and uh they offered
up you know five dollar raffle tickets for the copy of the game and in one week they raised seven
thousand dollars and some of the uh donors were from germany and malta and and then annapurna also
uh offered uh one thousand thirty five dollars to the shelter um to help out with the kitties and um
also they you know like i said they bought the uh bought out meow parlor which is a new york cat
cafe and adoption agency for the weekend and they donated a thousand dollars and visitors who made
reservations could buy stray themed merchandise and play the game for 20 minutes while surrounded
by cats um apparently the cats were also super into the game um and uh they uh according to uh
jeff legaspi who is their marketing director i said it really made sense for them to to use
the game's launch to do something and i quote positively impactful and hopefully bring more
awareness to adopting and not shopping for a new pet um and stray was actually uh the number one
purchased game uh according to uh steam db uh for the past two weeks um but uh thanks to
you know the the the game being out they've raised a lot of money for different shelters
in the name of playing the game um a lot of players are twitch streamers are using uh
tiltify it's a little lot of people do their donation services through um but they're also
saying uh from the north shore animal league america they're another rescue that rescues
tens of thousands of animals every year um they had a major increase and they're seeing
that tiltify and live streaming is a new way to engage with uh with potential donors
um and just to keep people you know to spread information um there's also uh
uh one called just giving uh that does charity live streams said they had two campaigns already
just for stray and um several other players are just really going for it um and then there's this
one uh uh uh resident in omaha who goes by tray day 1014 did a charity live stream um his name is
tray he just said that doesn't want his last name to be used um but uh he said if i found out my cat
was outside doing this i'd be upset talking about the feats that the cats have to do and and then he
said that is a poor baby with the cat jumping down to different services i just thought that
was funny um but yeah there are there's just a lot more opportunities now to to help cats um
and i would even encourage people if you've got the resources to see if your community has a
uh a trapper uh neuter release tnr service and see if you can be a part of that um i'll go ahead
and use this moment to mention it what they in fact they do this with the disneyland cats
where um a cat a feral cat is safer in its own community than trying to be socialized it just
causes a lot more stress for the cat um and so what you do is you trap the local cats um if you
find kittens that can be socialized and then you want to foster and have them taken care of but
for uh you know for adult cats that are uh that can't be uh socialized you you take them usually
like humane society or other places around will have uh like some sort of uh free spay neuter
thing that that you can do to get the cats fixed and then they knock one of the ears they cut the
tip off and release the cat back into their community where they can no longer produce
you know progeny um and then that's one less breeding cat out in the community um
of course you know it's really good to i think it's like on average you can have between
three to six kittens a litter on average and think about the multiplication right there if
everyone did their part and at least donated to a local tnr um organization or you know shelters
or fostering or decided to do fostering themselves then we could really make a difference in keeping
the the population down we would have fewer cats out there with diseases um
out there you know affecting you know local wildlife populations uh
and and dying honestly being out there dying we would be able to make a big difference um
that's why i'm completely against breeding animals um especially since breeding certain
well you you can see it in mr swoosh he was clearly a bred cat but um when you breed cats
when you breed cats for certain traits like that they start to develop
uh more genetic deformities and have more health uh concerns than you know a rescue would
rescues are hardy more robust typically but um but again um to go back to the point
uh the game has really i think brought a lot of awareness not just financial you know assistance
to a lot of these companies but has opened discussion for how to take care of stray animals
how to help uh feeling communities and i think it's a really good thing so and if you if anybody
wants more information on uh tnr um or any any other resources like that um i i have some
resources also a really good one on youtube is flatbushcats they're a new york rescue
um and uh the kitten lady who's uh out of san diego and she does a lot of neonatal rescue
um in our chat over twitch.tv slash vlog network um bobby blackwolf catching the name of the
one in the article there um i think north shore is the one that does the kitten bowl during the big
football game it's run by howard stern's wife i didn't know that yeah so interesting yeah that's
a really that's a really good one and and also i mean i love that we're legally now able to have
cat cafes around i know i can't wait for the one here to open up i've always wanted to go to one
so yeah i think that that like the cat cafe is bunny cafes because i mean uh i think that marissa
got snoopy from a rescue my sister loves bunnies more than cats i love snoopy snoopy is such a
smart bunny and i'm not allergic to him for some reason my sister has a cat named mr bunny truth
so one of my friends in high school had a cat named bitch
um but anyway well and dan's uh grandfather had barn cats named uh hiss and spit
how fun but anyway back to back to this though um i would encourage people that when you are looking
for a pet again don't go to a breeder you do not know unless you've got like full lists of
pedigrees and everything for these animals you really don't know if they came from a puppy mill
or or you know some sort of massive breeding program you don't know about uh
what their genetic history is like and especially for for breeding and puppy mills they basically
keep these animals locked in small crates where they have no access to the outside and just breed
them over and over and over and they die like this and so please don't support that industry
um you know go adopt donate to your local uh no kill shelters fostering programs you know
and also i mean we now i mean we have all these resources you know if you want to do it through a
twitch stream look for a twitch streamer who's doing a charity or charity run then you can watch
them play fun games and support their channel as well as supporting a good cause all right well
we're going to get to our classic game in just a moment but first we have more news about a classic
that's true so we have an announcement of a new uh arcade one up cabinet one i think a lot of
people have been waiting for and that's for marvel vs capcom 2 so they announced that i think during
evo uh is when that announcement came out and um the cabinet not only will have marvel vs capcom 2
but the original marvel vs capcom uh marvel superheroes vs street fighter x-men vs street
marvel superheroes vs street fighter x-men vs street fighter marvel superheroes x-men children
of the atom x-men mutant apocalypse and marvel superheroes in the war of the gems
uh pre-orders are going to be starting september 8th and then they say they will be shipping a few
weeks after that i may or may not have told dan about this yeah no word on the price yet but
that's a pretty awesome collection and honestly plan on like six hundred dollars for a machine
like this with that type of brand at least there's seven games in it not just one so i think it's
eight yeah yeah oh sorry but whatever how honest i have most of these on saturn which is almost
arcade perfect but it's a really good collection for the versus games for the the you know the
marvel tie-in titles as well um i i remember being absolutely amazed uh when my friend uh
this is before uh i moved out here had uh uh words uh x-men on saturn just the x-men the first
x-men fighting game on saturn and i was like oh my god it's the arcade version you know and then
i moved out here and dan had a bunch of them and absolutely great all right well um let's talk
about a game that's probably inspired by classics and that is the announcement of a new game called
grim guardians demons purge and this is coming to us from inti creates is actually um putting
this game out and inti creates they've done um some pretty cool like retro inspired things
for example uh bloodstained ritual of the night mighty number nine so you know they have some
practice uh doing retro games uh or i should say like retro inspired type of stuff and um
this game looks like it is very much inspired by castlevania uh it's um not so it's it's interesting
this is coming from the same company who worked with um you know um bloodstained ritual of the
night but uh this is not a game from like igarashi and this is a little more like 2d
sprite based you know it obviously looks very similar to uh you know basically symphony of
the night and you know that whole era of games the the several uh ds and advanced titles that
were inspired by that as well this definitely looks very along those same lines um so we don't
know when it's coming out yet we just know tbd um but we know it's going to come out basically on
all the expected uh platforms but what was the name of the game again that is called grim
guardians demon purge i might have ordered a game very similar to this
well they just announced this one this weekend so it's a japanese game i ordered it from play
asia but it looks very similar to this yeah well castlevania games are hot we all love them all
all right well speaking of classics let's get to our next segment
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where i'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it it's time for the classic game of the week
but once a month dark soccer gets into a classic electronic handheld so what do we have this month
dark soccer we have fire away by tandy and we also know what tandy is responsible for
radio shack um an incredible universe yeah right and you know the various ti calculators
uh sorry that's texas instruments my bad anyway um so fire away was a handheld a series of handheld
electronic games by tandy um starting in the 1980s there were six different products in the line
uh all were licensed by tandy rather than being original tandy games and they were all based on
space invaders so fire away um the first one was released in 1981 uh licensed from a japanese
company gakken who uh sold the game under the name invader it was also licensed to computer games
limited as galaxy invader and by vanity fair as electron blaster um anyway the games are all the
same he had a little joystick that would move uh you know move the gun base left and right and then
a large red button that would be your your fire i had one of these actually i had the white one
actually the one that's in the video was the one i had um um but you would you know basically
shoot them like space invaders uh they used four uh double a batteries um and went and uh had
leds for the invaders and everything um the game was originally 39.95 in 1981 money um and
basically you know three hits on one base by the bombs would end the game and once you reached 199
points the game ended in victory um so the the gakken and cgl ones used the white housing and
that was the one that that i had access to so in 1982 they did a fire away as cosmic 1000 fire away
um and uh it uh it had a few extra you know bells and whistles it had an invader zone in the ufo
zone and you had to get 999 points and you had an infinite number of uh sorry you had a finite
number of missiles you had 250 missiles that you could use but you could earn more missiles as you
went along and it retailed for 59.95 and then in 93 there was cosmic 2000 fire away um and then
they licensed the game though from a different company called hanzala instead of the one from
gakken um and it was also licensed by actronics um and marketed under the name twin vader 3
um and they tried to make the game look a little bit more like an arcade machine but they had like
different uh convoys of of invaders like different waves kind of a galaxian style and the game used
4c batteries and could be played using an ac adapter and it retailed for 39.95 1994 there was
tandy cosmic 3000 fire away um and this one was licensed back from gakken used very similar
styling um gakken called it galaxy invader 2000 um there were six tiers and had a missile station
barrier for invader zones and then the point tiers changed depending on where you were
um the ufo was gone yeah they made like a lot of different changes to it um and it was a
a little bit more akin to how uh having the special invader going at the top of the screen
to attack kind of galaga style it required 4c batteries could also use an ac adapter and
retailed for 39.95 um they let the the uh um the franchise lay for a little bit and then in 1989
they introduced lcd fire away um which was basically turning out the led for an lcd
it was also smaller um uses very similar control layout as cosmic 2000 fire away did um
lower price point it retailed for 12.95 um had reduced power needs it was able to use watch
batteries rather than double a or c batteries and tandy slash radio shack repackaged uh the game as
invasion force and later on in 1990 as jet fighter lcd fire away would be the last of its line now
there were other tandy fire away games so in 1981 bandai marketed flight time um in france it was
called a pillow de chasse um and the game uh actually still had flight time on the name but it
uh but uh tandy licensed that as a fire away um but it used aircraft rather than alien alien
invader so it wasn't quite the same of the line and it was sold only in the uk um one of the 12
games for the tandy 12 computerized arcade system was called fire away um very interesting little
thing by the way uh it it was a weird just look up the tandy 12 sometime you'll see what i mean
and then tandy also licensed nelsonic's 1981 watch game space attacker under the name cosmic fire
away game watch it was sold for 29.95 and the game was sold uh by collins industrial as a star
trek to wrath of khan video game watch while majestron released it as cosmic wars and so
that's it fire away all right there it is sorry i just agree on that one sorry for the accidental
music bed for half a second there my my finger slipped and hit the bump bump button again while
i was trying to flip the video but um there you go yeah uh i got to see a different a couple
different models there the fire away which i must admit i'm not familiar with this at all this is
uh educational segment for me tonight this is i never saw one of these ever so this is pretty
cool so i didn't know there's so many different versions of it being little and playing one um
my i i actually it was my step grandmother-in-law had it for the kids and then i got to take it home
and played a played a crap ton of it well one of these days i'll have to find one at a garage sale
or something catch up on what i missed all right uh let's get into some other news that happened
this week uh but at a rapid pace rapid fire news we'll go to loki yes uh so uh koch media has
decided to change their name um so they're gonna rebrand to play on so now they're playing on
at least i know how to pronounce that one because uh are they coke koch koch i there's different
ways you can say that so uh but um at least play on is um pretty pretty clear and i it's it's
actually kind of a cute name so and as jason said in the intro it doesn't sound associated with
anyone else so um yep i think it's i think it's a i think it's a good good name so yep um so and
apparently uh this first season of multiverses has been delayed indefinitely um they're going to
continue with the open beta right now but the 1.0 launch and new content are coming out later
day obviously they must be working on issues that are they're finding during the betas so
um understandable i guess um bobby blackwolf in our chat at twitch.tv slash vog network clarifying
koch rhymes with scotch i follow one of their pr reps on twitter so who who clearly has been
asked this question before so all right uh dark sakura sure um for those of us that are still
keeping up with the bimani uh side of things we are getting beatmania 2d x 30 resident and it
will come with a new toby fox song um it uh has uh the song is called summer blue it's available
on the location test version and will appear in the public arcade version after konami updates
the build to resident um it will upgrade the arcade games resolution to full hd 1080p
uh it will also have several quality of life improvements such as notes radar based
recommendation folder and a more detailed option to display fast and slow input markers
um and it again is the 30th iteration of beatmania 2dx um and uh the 20th anniversary of this series
was in 2019 though just to point that out it's not like an anniversary edition just like a
the 30th version um it's location test is at game silk hat kawasaki dice in kanagawa
until august 7th so uh today or maybe well it's already over then and then it will replace the
ongoing uh beatmania 2dx 29 cast hour with a new version uh some comments in chat dark tetsuya says
yeah the location test is over the weekend it does look pretty slick i can't believe they made it to
30 games i can and orange right says beatmania 2dx 30 resident evil people have already made
that joke it's old okay um so um i i feel like back in the day we were talking about like
third fourth and fifth style um so now here we are 30th style and i'm sorry i think fourth
style is the best it's i'm sorry it's it's gonna be uh it's always gonna be 30th style to me so uh
these subtitles be damned but uh i will point out the last home version we got was 2dx 16 princess
so we haven't had a home version and now i guess 15 games if you want to that come out
yeah i don't remember that version uh i had probably stopped oh i'm sorry empress not princess
see i can't even get the names names straight so thank you dark tetsuya it's empress not princess
but um that was the last one that was the playstation 2 um yeah and orange right points
out that 2dx infinitas which i know has been emailed to us before so that that's you know
their online service is kind of what they do instead now at this point which i they don't
want to make they don't want to make peripherals for the home anymore especially after generally
the video game population got burned out on guitar hero and rock band and all that stuff you know
music game plastic instruments kind of came and went uh and but did they really try though
like did they well yeah and i i yeah i would argue there's still an audience for it but the
audience just isn't big enough this is the sad part if we're gonna base all of our like well
they're just not interested in the genre anymore off rock revolution i mean come on uh dark to see
says yeah 2009 was the last official cs release was 2009 my god yeah because i remember it was
two discs because one was the like empress disc with all the new songs and they had like a
bet greatest hits or whatever so all right i think the last one i purchased was fuck uh
eighth style i think for me it was nine so yeah um i can't remember if i got 10 or not i don't
think i did i think it was just nine was where that kind of stopped so i do miss those games
though um and that's probably you know when i do get to visit this new round one that's probably
the game i'm going to play the most is the the 2dx just because you know i can play all the
old songs on it but i do i do force myself to explore some of the new stuff i just you never
have enough time on the song select screen to really see you know and then you also don't want
be sitting there all day listening to song previews so there is the sense of you know
pick it up anyway all right uh one other story and it's about teenage mutant ninja turtles the
cowabunga collection which of course is the much anticipated collection of classic classic ninja
turtles games including the various fighting games and uh konami has said that the teenage
mutant turtles tournament fighters release will have rollback code when you play online so it's
going to have something that some modern fighting games still don't have uh so uh don't know if the
genesis and the nes versions of the game will also get that rollback code but the arcade versions
sure will which i would imagine is going to be the preferred way to play but you know people have
their nostalgic memories and want to revisit on other uh platforms as well as a reminder this is
coming out pretty much on uh all the platforms that exist currently on august 30th so uh konami
put a little tweet about that out this week as well so pretty cool all right uh let's travel
around the world and check out some release dates and what is coming out to a game store near you
we'll start in the us with loki uh we have oita beppu mystery guy the warped bamboo lantern on pc
tyrants blessing on pc mac linux and nintendo switch timothy in the tower of moo on pc
two-point campus on pc mac and linux nintendo switch plays asia 4 plays asia 5 xbox one and
xbox series heaven burns red on pc lost in play on pc and nintendo switch tower of fantasy on
ios and android we have arcade paradise on pc nintendo switch playstation 4 playstation 5
xbox one and xbox series axiom verge 2 on linux cult of the lamb on pc mac nintendo switch
playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one xbox series rumble verse on pc playstation 4 playstation 5
xbox one and xbox series shin chan me and the professor on summer vacation
the endless seven day journey on pc nintendo switch and playstation 4 under knots labyrinth
of yomi on playstation 5 marvel's spider-man remastered on pc and super bullet break on pc
into the switch and playstation 4 that's it all right going over to japan this week um as far as
the nintendo switch is concerned it's pretty slow there's really no major releases on the switch
this week there are some third-party peripheral type things like if you need some new screen
protectors or there's this interesting little new dock coming out it's not an official nintendo
product but it's like a dock that your switch can lay on at an angle and you plug your land into the
dock as well so it's kind of just another way to uh you know um save some space and you know have
your system there so um that is something you can get but that's not really a game that's just a
peripheral uh but if we go over to playstation yeah playstation 5 uh we have guilty gear strive
uh the starter edition that is out in a couple days in japan which is um usually games don't
release on monday but that's just you know what we got uh and that's really the only major release
we don't have another big release for a week so that's it slow week in japan dark sakura how
about europe uh just a few uh we have on the ninth two-point campus for the big three um on the 12th
we have among us for playstation xbox switch also on the 12th for switches oxide room 104
and for playstation fishing north atlantic that's it okay let's get a few more stories in and then
we'll get to tweets emails phone calls and you uh in your voices in our roundtable segment but first
loki um so there's a rumor that tencent's looking to purchase the majority stake in ubisoft so this
is coming from writers who is saying that multiple sources with direct knowledge in the matter is
saying that tencent is expressed desire to become the key stakeholder in ubisoft and they're even
willing to pay a premium of a hundred dollars per share which is more than double the cost of
the shares right now to make it happen so um there's also some of the um founders they're
saying they've been looking to purchase the company outright um interesting though if that happens
of course you know they own uh they have you know stakes in activision supercell epic games
remedy riot games platinum games bohemian interactive dot not uh klee and inflexion
and funcom yeah they own a lot they they do and this is interesting because it's one of
those things where i'm like tencent has their fingers in too many pies in the gaming industry
you know and i think we know they're they're they're around like literally everywhere and
it's you know so when you hear this story at first you're kind of like do they really need
to do this but of course it's ubisoft and just last week we were talking about how
eve's gilmont needs to go but he's probably not going to go anywhere anytime soon because his
family has the you know majority stakeholder in this whole thing and so it is an interesting kind
of which one's worse i don't know make them go i don't think they would care yeah so i yeah if
tencent comes in um would it really change anything i'm not sure but uh it might lead to
that change and that would be more exciting uh zen monkey 11 in chat says ubisoft sucks now so
let them have it that's kind of like that's basically what it is is it's kind of like
is it is it really going to be any worse it's in it's pretty bad it's in a pretty bad shape
right now and i'm just talking i'm not just talking about the quality of the games or what
it is they're putting out i'm just talking about you know how it's run as a company you know and
again i'll defer to last week and yet another rant on east gabot and why openly questioning
why he's not held accountable as ceo and then the open answer of oh money and his you know
and his you know stock basically um quest buster in chat says there's also a story that square enix
is looking to sell stakes in their studios which some see as bazaars they're not exactly hurting
for cash right now especially after selling off a few of their western studios yeah it all comes
back to that rumor that like square enix just wants to be bought by sony they just want to be
bought by sony uh and that all these moves you've seen him make about like uh selling off you know i
the idos and you know everything they had over here and all that was part of that and just but
it but yeah square enix isn't hurting for cash but final fantasy 14 is really i don't want to
say it's carrying that company because that would be a little bit sensationalist but fantasy 14 is
buoying the numbers in the way a lot of companies don't have a game to do that it's a nice bolster
yes it's it's it's a nice classic classique to you know that that's a old standby that's gonna
keep things keep the lights on while these other things are going on so um but that won't last
forever just look at you know activisions world of warcraft for former position you know it's no
longer the you know most talked about mmo and one day fall of se 14 will no longer be the most
talked about mmo you know ebb and flow things change so um i just it's just weird to see a
company like square enix just making these weird business decisions to just get bought
it's just are they really acting in the best interest of their stakeholders it's weird
it's like they're giving up what is logic i think we don't have any anymore all right well let's
move on uh let's let's move back to a time when things were uh there were a lot of business
decisions that probably still didn't make sense but we didn't have to read about them on the
internet with this game oh yeah sorry i looked at the thing and you talked and i went brain
so i thought it was loki's turn um neo geo pocket color games we love them
and uh rockman battle and fighters was a uh fighting game that came out of neo geo
pocket color only in japan 20 years ago it was a fun little game and now uh the game is available
on switch of course uh they of course have changed it from rockman to mega man because
you know america and it's 7.99 and it's part of the neo geo pocket color selection from smk
it is interesting to see how more and more of those games are coming out on the switch and
kind of getting a second life or really in the america as a first life so it's cute i'll check
it out because i never played this game so it's cute it's a fun little game um i'm trying to
remember who who's i had that played it but like you could play like the dragon as one of your
versus fights it was pretty cool oh that's cool all right uh loki uh one more story for us yeah
so there's a nintendo fan game that's being put together uh based off of uh super mario 64 called
another princess is in our castle it's a a first person horror game set in uh the super mario 64
peaches castle and you have to find different relics while avoiding a ghost princess
that looks kind of horrific and it's free to play on itch.io until you know the lawyers take
it down it's not actually a mod of the game though it does look like uh a mod but it's it's
just a game that's done that style yeah but even if they actually use mario in it they're all right
shut down yeah yeah yeah no i'm so i'm surprised it isn't already down it must be that the lawyers
aren't working on sunday but by golly first thing tomorrow morning that fax is going to come through
so i say that no one uses fax anymore that email it's going to come through so actually
and it's also it's just it's not even done yet it's just in development so it's like
well guess who just downloaded it great yeah i was to say grab it while you can
so guess who's just downloaded both versions of it it might be i i'd be curious about it
there's a lot of good a lot of great mods out there that nintendo ends up shutting down because
you know yeah their fans are very generous it's fun they have like people posting their youtube
videos for underneath the game and like just like the thumbnails are just so terrible sensationalist
thumbnails on youtube get out well i know what all right uh well all good things must come to
an end and the weu uh really seems to be uh looking at its end uh pretty soon uh because
we just heard now that they're going to be losing two more video services which i'm gonna be honest
i thought these things were already sunsetted on weu um but it's official uh youtube and crunchy
roll will no longer be supporting the weu as of later this year uh google's website mentions that
youtube will no longer be available in october um if you want to watch videos on the weu you can
keep doing it until then but then once youtube goes offline on the weu you will be advised you
should probably move over to the switch or you know one of the other hundreds of devices that
will run youtube uh crunchy roll kind of followed suit on august 29th you will no longer be able to
get crunchyroll on the e-shop and if you got it before that you still you can't access service
anymore but crunchyroll also has a switch app and i imagine if you log in with your credentials on
the switch or probably any platform you can still get access to you know whatever it is you are
watching on crunchyroll um so uh on the 3ds also this is uh a little more uh not for the us but
for japan nico nico uh for the 3ds will be going offline uh in april of 2023 so it's still a little
ways out uh but that will uh give you a chance to spend those premium tickets because they're going
to stop selling those on september 12th keep in mind march 2023 you can't get anything on the
weu or 3ds e-shops because all the content will no longer be purchasable and you cannot download
free content that would include these various video apps so the hand was kind of forced to
shutting these down anyway but i would also think with something like youtube like you know they're
gonna want to roll out new features and things like that and how long do they want to keep
supporting a weu app they don't so they don't i'm kind of surprised they still do to be quite that's
the most shocking thing in the story is that that wasn't already sunsetted but i don't think youtube
has made major major changes in several years so it probably still kind of runs off the same
you know uh code as before but all right uh zen monkey 11 and chat says i forgot my weu had
youtube i can't wait for them to fully abandon it so we get all the cool homebrew that is an
interesting silver lining once they just pull the plug on on the weu completely then that means no
more patches will be delivered either so homebrew is gonna rip that thing wide open that will be
interesting so yeah you can just play it on pc at this point i guess you can do all the homebrew
there if you want true true all right uh let's go to some further listener comments in our round
table where we will open it up if we want to get any calls on discord vog network.com that's vog
network.com slash discord if you head on over to the green room uh we will be pulling some callers
on air in a little bit uh in the meantime we can get to emails if there are any i don't know if i
saw it it was garbage yeah it was like spam which the spam is interesting so i'm not gonna i'm not
gonna acknowledge it or say what it is because i'm not giving him free publicity but i looked
into it because actually that first email they sent because that was a follow-up email that was
in there this week the first email they sent actually caught my attention because i was like
oh it's like a new platform oh this is they have some interesting names they have some heavy talent
on this okay what is this all about i look into it more it's a platform to sell nfts based on
i deleted the emails yeah i don't blame i don't blame you at all which which we should have
already been deleted the moment we found out that they were spam well they were forwarded to my
personal email as they usually are uh so that's where i saw them so um and you can log into the
email outside of sundays and do that as well you don't have to do it right now um but it is what
it is that's work so i'm being you know i'm being silly i know dr c in chat says i was going to say
of course that was the punchline absolutely absolutely i don't who's who thinks that people
want to buy nfts of old episodes of their stuff let's get to some tweets uh over at twitter.com
olr where you guys uh tweet us and there was actually a really funny slash cute tweet that
arrived today uh which showed at ikea this was something tweeted at us from uh dark tetsuya that
said um not sure if this is anything but a random daytona usa cab was spotted at an ikea thought you
would all appreciate it and there was an embedded quote tweet can someone explain to me why there's
a daytona machine at ikea and uh it was interesting though because there was a reply from richie
i don't know if they still listen to the show but hello if you're out there who says my bet
is storage purposes and i never thought of that of like an ikea being like a storage house but
those places are very big it's it's it's just interesting to to see that but there's photographic
evidence on the tweet it's just kind of funny daytona at an ikea who would have thought um so
that is that is the tweet of the week over at olr um let me see if we have any last minute stories
um loki no no uh let's see uh and in chat i think i see i see just i want to tip the hat over to
jim sally i see you there in chat hello it's great to see you here uh who asks any way to
chat besides discord i'm sorry we did have to sunset skype uh when we moved over to twitch
unfortunately the technical limitations of skype did not allow us to continue to take
calls on that platform uh i i and if i can just you know somebody accused me of throwing shade
earlier if i can go one step further in my shade throw and just say microsoft completely shit the
bed with skype uh in in the last couple years and they've gotten their ass handed to them uh by zoom
and other competing platforms and quite frankly microsoft deserved it uh and there's a lot that
microsoft has done right over the years uh love xbox and the direction that's gone game pass is a
fantastic deal in gaming love to see what they're doing with the cloud technology but as far as
skype goes boy you you you could have had it all but you let it go oh well uh vo by curtain chat
says well they leaned away from skype for consumer and leaned into teams for business
yeah and i i i know that well you know this is a little more like opinion so but most people i
know that are on teams at work don't care for it um but that's you know maybe that's by of course
there will be inevitably somebody in chat who pipes up and says i use it and i love it okay
great but i haven't seen it really like get through the way uh zoom has and god probably
even webex uh when we talk about the corporate world and that sort of stuff so
um vo by kurt says i will say that we use it regularly but we use zoom as well yeah i i have
heard of teams being like the chat and zoom being like the video chat and i think that's the way
some businesses are running too so just you know depends where you're at we use we use slack and
and uh uh webex you know i've never worked in a business that used slack i just it's which
i wish they would but they you know they don't for whatever reason so i've only ever used it
my personal life so like it's been pretty friendly yeah yeah i like there's a lot i like the
integrations people build some powerful stuff on slack um i use it for ingress that's how our team
keeps in touch we have a restricted ingress chat thing on slack so only the players that have met
each other we all know you know so when we do these super secret ops where we're making very
big triangles over all of norcal we're planning a lot of that in slack uh and uh it's you know
there's a lot of integrations that um help with that and directing people where to go and stuff
which is pretty cool so um so uh yeah and interesting pop culture says every place in the
past few years i've been used slack interesting i just you know perspective so all right well i
don't see any calls in the green room so i think we are about wrapped up it was you know even
though with evo this weekend actually one thing i'll call out with evo evo sorry i always want to
say evo but it's because because and it's because of 2dx my brain always goes back to that old song
and 2dx read e v o 66 i always think evo when i see that so evo was this weekend and my understanding
is they teased tekken 8 but they didn't say it was tekken 8 and it was literally like frames
that they were showing of like i think it was they showed like a classic tekken cut scene
and then it like morphed into what the character might look like now and everybody's screaming
tekken 8 but then that's that's that's really all was it was it was literally the the the
a breath of a tease so you gotta wonder if sony isn't planning an event in the coming months and
maybe they'll say more about tekken 8 then who knows uh dark to see it does mention about evo
though that there is a new garu mark of the wolves sequel coming yeah i did know that's pretty it
seems like a long time coming uh that that is finally happening so that's pretty cool i love
that all right well with that we will start to wrap up for the night and get get around to
everybody's final thoughts and night so uh before i get to that i'll just say thank you as always
for listening to orange launch radio thank you for tuning in and spending time with us tonight
really appreciate it if you enjoyed what you heard here at the show tell a friend or two
about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice
but if the voices aren't here to put out on air we can't have them so uh a nice five-star review
on a site like itunes spotify wherever it is you found this podcast those go a long long way as
well and we really appreciate it um so that's it that's uh it's time to get everybody's final
thoughts uh dark sakura we'll start with you your final thought i'm tired of people tunneling but i
can't stop playing it is interesting somebody i don't want to necessarily attribute this to shane
huh i'm kind of addicted i i don't want to necessarily attribute this to shane he might have
said it might have been someone else but he's like you you all make that game sound so horrible for
how much you play it and i'm like the game that's horrible it's the people playing it you and you
know what you know what any sport people talk like if like if we were talking about baseball
we'd be talking about how some of the refs are completely horrible and make bad calls
and how some of the players are are trash or whatever it is you know that time
there's there's trash talk in every sport look at rupaul's drag race and twitter
and yes that's a sport for some people and there's you know people don't always represent that
community very well either so it's just it's one of those interesting things so anyway uh we'll
have fun playing have fun playing uh debbie delight uh dark soccer have fun feel free to
join us later yep we'll be rating in a moment all right why not playing playing with me gwen oh oh
oh um yeah i'll try i got you know sunday nights are my nights to finish up things around the house
and i traveled last night but yeah so i got you i got you all right see you in the fog take care
bye all right and loki will get to you and your final thought for tonight
um i just need to make make more content for youtube so that's what we'll work on this week
we'll celebrate the content you have made though sure
uh my final thought tonight um i don't know um i'm just i'm just happy people are here and
listening to the show and being a part of the community it's really great to have you here
i'm really looking forward to dragon con in a few weeks i feel like time is just flying by i can't
believe it's august and like honestly in three weeks i'm going to be at dragon con again it's
three and a half weeks really i'm going to be dragon con again it's just wild to think about
so but i'm really excited um and i know things like you know covid and monkey pox and all that
remain a concern although i did get my vaccine for one of them uh well actually both of them
um but you know um at some point you have to just assess the risks um and
that includes the risk to your mental health for continuing to sit out so um i'm looking forward
to going to dragon con and seeing my friends talking craft with digital media talking games
with the gaming track and talking maybe something new this year stay tuned um oh vo by kurtz says
yeah bummer i'm not making dragon con this year but next year for sure oh you'll be missed kurt
but sorry sorry to hear you can't make it all right uh that's it we're done we're out of here
we'll see you in seven days have a great week everybody we'll see you next time good night
i don't know where my credits button went so that's a new one my credits button has
completely disappeared so let's try this again good night you've been listening to orange lounge
radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for our live show tune
into vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
nor vog network but you know they were all still true
you